Adding Compression scheme docs updates (#1680)
vllm-project/llm-compressor: docs/getting-started/compress.md

# Compress Your Model

> LLM Compressor provides a straightforward way to compress your models using various optimization techniques. This guide walks you through the process of compressing a model with different quantization methods.

Author: This weight thing? 
```
---
weight: -8
---
```

This is required for the mkdocs build. It assigns the TOC level in the output.

## Select a Quantization Method and Scheme

LLM Compressor supports several quantization methods and schemes, each with its own strengths and weaknesses. The choice of method and scheme will depend on your specific use case, hardware capabilities, and chosen trade-offs between model size, speed, and accuracy.

> Supported quantization schemes include PTQ, W4A16, W8A8‑INT8, W8A8‑FP8, and Sparsification. For a more detailed overview of available quantization schemes, see [Compression Schemes](../guides/compression_schemes.md).

Reviewer: sparsification is a compression scheme separate from quantization, the two can be done in tandem. PTQ is post-training-quantization, little bit different:
```suggestion
Supported compression schemes include quantization into W4A16, W8A8‑INT8, and W8A8‑FP8 formats, and sparsification. For a more detailed overview of available quantization schemes, see [Compression Schemes](../guides/compression_schemes.md).
```
